less.vim
========
This is a better command-line pager, that's just as fast and easy to use as
`less` but as colorful as `vim`.  You don't need to learn how to do vi/vim to
use this.  In fact, the keybindings are almost the same as `less`.

Why page with vim? To browse through files/stdin with full syntax highlighting
and have access to vim functionality if/when you need it. Why not just use
vim? `less`-like keymappings are much quicker and easier for navigation: you
only use single keystrokes; no control keys.  Quitting is just 'q', believe it
or not.

This repository consists of two files which provide improved versions
of less.{vim,sh}, written by Bram Moolenaar and distributed with vim.

* `m` : wrapper for `less.vim` script which lets you page through files or
    standard input as with `less` but with `vim` instead.
    It sets some improved options such as smart-case search and unsets confusing
    options potentially set by user in their `~/.vimrc` such as the statusbar.
    It also acts as `less -F` and quits out immediately if a single file has
    less than a screenful. This file is an improved version of `less.sh` that is
    distributed with vim.
* `less.vim` : improved version of the `less.vim` script distributed with vim
    that makes it easier and quicker to navigate with single-keystrokes, as
    with `less`. See contents of files for details of modifications.

MIT License for 'm'
-------------------
Copyright (C) 2011 Huy Z  http://huyz.us/

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

